---
layout: post
title: Strength
comments: True
tags: [other]
---

>Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. - Marianne Williamson

Ok so going a bit deep with this post, but I think it’s worth sharing.

Some realisation of this started with going to a rowing camp. Out at 5:30 am rowing 20k (2hrs) before breakfast, 3 training sessions a day, with full exertion race speed exercises throughout. Skin was literally falling off my hands from blisters by the end. I didn’t think I could do it..I thought even if I wanted to.. my body would just give up or fail; but it didn’t. You can do more than you think. It was the toughest week of my life, but immediately after that everything else in comparison seemed easier. I got back, walked into pizza hut and had a buffet on my own.

Taking this onto a coding / business sense, I’ve been coming across problems and I’ll get someone else to do that or I’ll put that out for a freelancer but often, as I have found, you can do it. There will be times when you need help, but with Google at our fingertips you can often find / learn a solution, or just trying it first will allow you to specify your problem more or have more details to tell someone else who can complete it. We create barriers, everyone creates barriers to say why we can’t do something.. I try to realise when I do this now, and treat it as a challenge to overcome. Write down a list of things to do to smash through the barriers and **do it**.

I’ll leave you with the full quote from Marianne:
>Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won’t feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It’s not just in some of us; it’s in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others. (Marianne Williamson, 1992)